Improve mentions of CS CA in managing-tls-in-a-cluster (#30347)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/tls/managing-tls-in-a-cluster.md

## Trusting TLS in a Cluster

> Trusting the [custom CA](#a-note-to-cluster-administrators) from an application running as a pod usually requires

Reviewer: The note being linked to here talk about enabling the default implementation of a signer, can you please help me understand how that links to custom/dedicated CA?

Author: As I understand it, `--cluster-signing-cert-file` and -`-cluster-signing-key-file` are the options required to specify a custom/dedicated CA.

some extra application configuration. You will need to add the CA certificate
bundle to the list of CA certificates that the TLS client or server trusts. For
example, you would do this with a golang TLS config by parsing the certificate
chain and adding the parsed certificates to the `RootCAs` field in the
[`tls.Config`](https://godoc.org/crypto/tls#Config) struct.

{{< note >}}
If the cluster was setup using kubeadm, by default, the custom CA will be the same as the ConfigMap kube-root-ca.crt

> already placed into the filesystem tree of each container at `/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/ca.crt`

Reviewer 2: while this happens to be true in some cases, we should *not* document/encourage use of this CA bundle for anything other than verifying connections to the kube-apiserver

Author: In my opinion, I would rather have it documented with a disclaimer explaining what you said, including the why and what the alternative/recommended way is (or a link to the existing documentation).

Reviewer 3: > while this happens to be true in some cases, we should not document/encourage use of this CA bundle for anything other than verifying connections to the kube-apiserver

We should not document any additional uses for this configmap. In fact, the configmap itself carries an annotation that explicitly indicates no other usage is provided by the platform: https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/pkg/controller/certificates/rootcacertpublisher/publisher.go#L44-L45

I could support a doc update that says, "even though this content may be included in the filesystem by kubeadm, it should never be used to verify anything other than the internal endpoints such as the internal service IP or kubernetes.default.svc" (as the description on the configmap itself says).

Author: So how about writing it as 

```markdown
Even though the [custom CA](#a-note-to-cluster-administrators) may be included in the filesystem by kubeadm in the ConfigMap kube-root-ca.crt it should never be used to verify anything other than the internal endpoints such as the internal service IP or kubernetes.default.svc. Instead you can distribute the CA certificate as a kubernetes.io/tls Secret that your pods have access to use.
```

Reviewer 4: SIG Auth folks, does that wording work for you? (SIG Docs can finesse the exact phrasing)

I'm not sure myself about using a Secret to distribute a CA cert; personally, I'd use a ConfigMap.

Reviewer 5: @kubernetes/sig-auth-pr-reviews 👋

Reviewer 2: That direction seems reasonable to me (I agree with Tim that I'd use a configmap)

> If the cluster was setup using kubeadm, by default, the custom CA will be the same as the ConfigMap kube-root-ca.crt
> already placed into the filesystem tree of each container at `/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/ca.crt`

Reviewer 4: OK, so how about:
```suggestion
Even though the custom CA certificate may be included in the filesystem by kubeadm (in the
ConfigMap `kube-root-ca.crt`),
you should not use that certificate authority for any purpose other than to verify internal
Kubernetes endpoints. An example of an internal Kubernetes endpoint is the
Service named `kubernetes` in the default namespace.

If you want to use a custom certificate authority for your workloads, you should generate
that CA separately, and distribute its CA certificate using a ConfigMap that your pods have access
to read.
```

Reviewer 4: I'd go ahead and commit that @Gerarddp, then it's ready for review & merge.

{{< /note >}}

> 

Reviewer: Pinging @neolit123 for technical review 🙂

## Trusting TLS in a Cluster

Trusting the [custom CA](#a-note-to-cluster-administrators) from an application running as a pod usually requires
some extra application configuration. You will need to add the CA certificate
bundle to the list of CA certificates that the TLS client or server trusts. For
example, you would do this with a golang TLS config by parsing the certificate
chain and adding the parsed certificates to the `RootCAs` field in the
[`tls.Config`](https://godoc.org/crypto/tls#Config) struct.

{{< note >}}

> Even though the custom CA certificate may be included in the filesystem by kubeadm (in the

Reviewer 2: is `kubeadm` mentioned anywhere else in this topic? probably sufficient to just make the note general, regardless of what installer may have injected a CA this way

ConfigMap `kube-root-ca.crt`),
you should not use that certificate authority for any purpose other than to verify internal
Kubernetes endpoints. An example of an internal Kubernetes endpoint is the
Service named `kubernetes` in the default namespace.

If you want to use a custom certificate authority for your workloads, you should generate
that CA separately, and distribute its CA certificate using a ConfigMap that your pods have access
to read.
{{< /note >}}

You can distribute the CA certificate as a
[ConfigMap](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap) that your

> pods have access to use.

Reviewer 4: The second paragraph of the note seems similar enough to the paragraph following it that I'm worried readers might end up confused (wondering, perhaps, what they have misunderstood).

Can we clarify? I'd be tempted to put the note at the end of the section, before “Requesting a certificate”, and to use  `caution` callout rather than `note`. _(Why `caution`? Because it is letting readers know about a detail relevant to good information security practises)._

Author: Maybe we should remove `You can distribute the CA certificate as a [ConfigMap](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap) that your pods have access to use.` all together and add the link to the note.

Reviewer 4: Sounds good to me.
